docs(flags): update generic docs (#12270)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/organization/integrations/feature-flag/self-serve/index.mdx

1. **Click the "Add New Provider" button.**
    - One webhook secret can be registered per provider type.

>     - Select Custom in the dropdown that says "Select a provider".

Author: ```suggestion
    - Select Self-Serve in the dropdown that says "Select a provider".
```
